How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing a diff between two versions of a file helped me see the bug because it 
	clearly displayed in pluses and minuses the difference between the lines of code in
	the files.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I would save a lot of time being able to find errors or moving from moving 
	backward from an unwanted coding position if i had control of previous saved versions.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The cons would be forgetting to commit.  The pros are obvious, saving versions that
	will help you do many things you'd wish you could do without saving versions.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Im not sure.  I hope this will become clearer as we go along.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    i can use git log to get a list of all the git commit ids and then i can use
	git diff -u id id to see a list of the differences between two files using their
	ids as identifiers

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    With version reminds me of hansel and gretels breadcrumbs only not likely to be 
	eaten by birds.  I can basically make changes without worry because i can seemingly 
	always find my way back - that is once i learn how to manage the files head & its
	ordering. (right now whatever file i checkout becomes the new head order)

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to try continuing coding my website/webapp - and then maybe even try out
	angular 2 ionic since it required downloading node js. and needed npm & i think git?
